## 1.5 Browsing the Action Tracker	 	 		

To browse the action tracker app, access the DHIS2 demo server with the login
credentials provided on the page. Once logged in, search for Action Tracker on
the Search bar.

![Figure 1.5.-A: Click on Search apps or Apps icon to access Apps searching option](resources/images/image03.png){width=60%}

![Figure 1.5.-B: Searching for the Action Tracker App on apps list or by typing full or part of app name “Action Tracker](resources/images/image04.png){width=60%}

Click on the Action Tracker to load the Action Tracker App and once loaded, the
user can select the intervention, period, organization unit or modify legend
accordingly;


![Figure 1.5.-B: Loaded Action Tracker App](resources/images/image05.png){width=70%}

### 1.5.1 Selection of an Intervention

The user needs to select the intervention on which bottleneck analysis and root
cause analysis were performed and would now like to track actions to improve
that particular intervention.

Click on the intervention tab to display a list of all available interventions.

![Figure 1.5.1-A: Intervention tab providing access to intervention selection](resources/images/image06.png){width=60%}

1. Click on the intervention for which a bottleneck was identified. This
intervention will be selected and displayed to the right.
![Figure 1.5.1-B: List of available interventions for selection](resources/images/image07.png){width=60%}

2. Click update to save the intervention
![Figure 1.5.1-A: Selection of an Intervention](resources/images/image08.png){width=60%}

**Note:** Selection of the wrong intervention will not display the Root Cause
Analysis data on the linked Action Tracker

### 1.5.2 Legend Configurations

The user can modify the legend based on the number of stages for tracking the
action status. Currently the Action Tracker has 5 colour codes which indicate
the levels through which the actions are tracked; white indicates “Action not
started”, Olive indicates “In Progress”, Pink indicates “Constrained”, Green
indicated “Completed”, Red indicates the action was “Discontinued.”

Click on the legend tab to edit the legend

![Figure 1.5.2-A: Accessing legend configuration tab](resources/images/image09.png){width=60%}

Click on the colour tabs to edit the colours

![Figure 1.5.2-B: Editing legend colour](resources/images/image10.png){width=60%}

Edit the legend name

![Figure 1.5.2-C: Editing legend name](resources/images/image11.png){width=60%}

Delete or add a legend

![Figure 1.5.2-D: Deleting or adding legends](resources/images/image12.png){width=60%}

Click update to save the changes made to the legend

![Figure 1.5.2-A: Saving changes to legend configurations done](resources/images/image13.png){width=60%}

**Note:** Access to configuration of legends depends on user’s access roles

### 1.5.3 Period Selection

The Action Tracker allows you to make period selections for fixed periods,
relative periods and extended relative periods. All period selections types
begin with clicking the period tab.

Click on the period tab to display the options

![Figure 1.5.3-A: Click on period to access period selection options](resources/images/image14.png){width=60%}

Click on the period type to select the desired type of period; either fixed
periods or relative periods

![Figure 1.5.3-B: Click on selected period (default monthly) to access period options](resources/images/image15.png){width=60%}

Use the previous year and next year tabs to display the correct years

![Figure 1.5.3-C: Use of Prev Year and Next Year button to navigate through options](resources/images/image16.png){width=60%}

Select the desired period. This will appear to the right

![Figure 1.5.3-D: Selection of preferred period for tracking](resources/images/image17.png){width=60%}

Click update to save the selected period

![Figure 1.5.3-E: Saving changes for period selection done](resources/images/image18.png){width=60%}

### 1.5.4 Organization Unit Selection

The orgunit selection allows you to select the org unit level for which actions
will be tracked. This is the same level for which the root cause analysis was done.

Click on the Org unit tab to access organization unit selection options

![Figure 1.5.4-A: Accessing the Organization unit selection options](resources/images/image19.png){width=60%}

Select the desired Orgunit  level

![Figure 1.5.4-B: Selection of the Organization unit](resources/images/image20.png){width=60%}

Click update to save the selected Orgunit level

![Figure 1.5.4-C: Saving organization unit selected for display](resources/images/image21.png){width=60%}

**Note:** Selection of the wrong organization unit level will not display the
Root Cause Analysis data on the Action Tracker

Once the organization unit is selected and saved, data from the root cause
analysis table is retrieved and the data entry module activated to allow entry
and editing of the action tracker.

![Figure 1.5.4-D: Display of information from Root Cause Analysis in the Action Tracker](resources/images/image22.png){width=80%}
